Deprecate Flag width and height props (#3714)
sumup-oss/circuit-ui: packages/circuit-ui/components/Flag/Flag.mdx

## How to use

- The Flag component accepts a `countryCode` prop, which should be a valid ISO 3166-1 alpha-2 code (e.g. `US`, `FR`, `DE`). The component will render the corresponding flag.

> - The size of the flag is controlled with the `size` prop. The three available sizes `'s'` (16×12px), `'m'` (24×18px), and `'l'` (32×24px) match the standard icon sizes. The flag's height is automatically derived from the width to maintain the 4:3 aspect ratio.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Choose one of the three available sizes: `'s'` (16×12px), `'m'` (24×18px), and `'l'` (32×24px) . Flags have a 4:3 aspect ratio by default. If you need to render a flag in different dimensions, import the svg file directly using the `getIconURL` [helper](https://circuit.sumup.com/?path=/docs/packages-icons--docs&globals=theme:light#load-from-a-url). Avoid using `height` and `width` props as they are deprecated and will be removed soon.
```

> - The `width` and `height` props are deprecated. Use the `size` prop instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```
